Hi Amy, just out walking the dog so it's maybe a bit of a noisy recording. Just wanted to give you and Tom some feedback on his beta app. Fantastic, love it. There are a few glitches in the conversation when it offers you five kind of examples. Sometimes it doesn't give you five examples, it gives you the numbers 1 to 5 but number 5 is missing. So then it marks you wrong. So it's not in the quiz, it's just if you're having a conversation and he gives you an example. Sometimes in the quiz the words aren't words that you've necessarily used. I will try and take a photograph, an example of it. And also the quiz seems to relate to stuff you've just done rather than. By examples I mean where it's asking you to put in something in a space. In the quiz sometimes it seems to just pertain to like the last sentence in the conversation. So it's not really reinforcing all the words from all the bits from the conversation. It's focusing more just on the last sentence or a couple of sentences. So that would be useful if it kind of looked at all you had chatted about. It would be amazing if there was an ability to look back at your work. So for example I was looking for the infinitive of the verb and then the breakdown of the verbs and I was pleased that I had that information and I scrolled back to find it but I actually couldn't find it.
didn't scroll back. So yes, I could ask again that day, but it just would be really nice if you had the ability to look back. Or the other thing that would be helpful is if there started to be a glossary made of the vocabulary that you'd covered and the, you know, so the verbs and the verb structures, things that you'd asked for, if that was put into some kind of format, just so that you've got a reference point and you can reinforce what you've learned. So for example, Duolingo is repetitive, repetitive, but because you're having a conversation, you're moving into all sorts of different vocabulary. So you're not having much time to reinforce the vocabulary, if you understand what I mean. So if you have a glossary where you could look back, you'd properly be learning vocabulary, which would help. It hit in my mind certainly at 56. So that would be really good. But I've shared it with loads of people. They're all loving it. And I am asking them to give you feedback. What's the best way to give feedback? It would be really cool if there was, in addition to the glossary, the ability to kind of highlight some words as you learn them that you could put into this week's vocabulary so that you section out what you need to concentrate on learning. Just a thought.
you
